README.md, before:

World Spil handler om at bygge et samfund op; bygge de rigtige ting, prioterer og forske for at nå til næste stage. Hver stage tilføjet nye muligheder, og planen er at udvikle nye funktioner hele tiden. Hvert valg har betydning for funktionalitet i spillet, og er afgørende for hvad man kan eller ikke kan, samtidig med at man skal samle og prioriterer resource for næste store gennembrud.

På to do liste ligger ting som (bliver inddelt i stages senere):
- Animal system (er igang)
- Bystyre
- Mark system (via addons, snarligt)
- Militær (sent)
- Rumudforskning (meget sent)
- Map funktion i opret bruger sektionen (kommer snart)
- Recipe - som aktiv produktion (kommer snart)
- Karriere valg - skal vælges ved oprettelse, eller for eksisterende bruger når det kommer (senere)
- Handels system - NPC (snarligt)
- Handels system - Online med andre bruger (sent)
- Buff system (snarligt)
- 

Change/update History

3.5:
- active recipes added
- animal can now be slaughtered to yield one time yield
- animal no longer yield slaughter resources like rawmeat, hide and so on
- animal you have any more of, won't show an own status

TO-DO IN SAME BRANCH
- buff system
- animal on inventory list
- passive yield stops when cap is filled

3.4:
- added build time for buildings (preparations for addons, research and production/recipes)<br>
- visuel changes and additions for building list page and building detail pages <br>
- added passive yields from buildings and addons
- adding animal system
- fixed errors
- dashboard now have overview over build jobs and research 
- building jobs and research can now be canceled from dashboard
- dashboard have overview over all passive yields and where they come from
- Animal system know works and produce yields

3.3:
- Added DB support for buy buildings
- Added update system for resource use (aka auto update without refresh hole site)

3.2:
- Added demo addons system there render actual requested ressources and research

3.1:
- remove demo data and intergrate real data from DB 

3.0:
- New layout
- Behind the scenes movement of code and files to be more orginized
- third attempt and approved

2.0:
- second attempt - also abandoned

1.0:
- 1 attempt but abandoned

Commit message:

Some optimization on frontend code

README.md, after:

World Spil handler om at bygge et samfund op; bygge de rigtige ting, prioterer og forske for at nå til næste stage. Hver stage tilføjet nye muligheder, og planen er at udvikle nye funktioner hele tiden. Hvert valg har betydning for funktionalitet i spillet, og er afgørende for hvad man kan eller ikke kan, samtidig med at man skal samle og prioriterer resource for næste store gennembrud.

På to do liste ligger ting som (bliver inddelt i stages senere):
- Animal system (er igang)
- Bystyre
- Mark system (via addons, snarligt)
- Militær (sent)
- Rumudforskning (meget sent)
- Map funktion i opret bruger sektionen (kommer snart)
- Recipe - som aktiv produktion (kommer snart)
- Karriere valg - skal vælges ved oprettelse, eller for eksisterende bruger når det kommer (senere)
- Handels system - NPC (snarligt)
- Handels system - Online med andre bruger (sent)
- Buff system (snarligt)
- 

Change/update History

3.5:
- active recipes added
- animal can now be slaughtered to yield one time yield
- animal no longer yield slaughter resources like rawmeat, hide and so on
- animal you have any more of, won't show an own status
- animal is now part of inventory tap and added to side bar
- small fixes and tweaks
- can't buy addons and start jobs and research in buildings you don't own
- optimized some javascript code

TO-DO IN SAME BRANCH
- buff system
- passive yield stops when cap is filled

3.4:
- added build time for buildings (preparations for addons, research and production/recipes)<br>
- visuel changes and additions for building list page and building detail pages <br>
- added passive yields from buildings and addons
- adding animal system
- fixed errors
- dashboard now have overview over build jobs and research 
- building jobs and research can now be canceled from dashboard
- dashboard have overview over all passive yields and where they come from
- Animal system know works and produce yields

3.3:
- Added DB support for buy buildings
- Added update system for resource use (aka auto update without refresh hole site)

3.2:
- Added demo addons system there render actual requested ressources and research

3.1:
- remove demo data and intergrate real data from DB 

3.0:
- New layout
- Behind the scenes movement of code and files to be more orginized
- third attempt and approved

2.0:
- second attempt - also abandoned

1.0:
- 1 attempt but abandoned
